hello) how are you? What's new?
What team will win this  NBA season
Moon is the only destination for this project
2022 is inevitable. Year of 2022 is for metaverse. It would be fantastic. Strong vision, strong community. Strongly support this project.
Cause i don't know your name bro
Can u tell me?
now to bring it out
How to connect wallet to megic Eden
Level up
do you finished study on boot camp on app?
Hahaha.  Maybe you joined when there was no timer.  That's why man.   So when will your color change  to guidian
lets goo guys , hm ?
thanks bro ! lets go !
Where are you from? Country
Top level project hard working team
it's okay there will be more opportunities in the NFT space!
So happy to be hereGood project
goodnice
How many LGX do you have?
Except is lgx
Yeah i also sleep too much that's why i am in level 15
where we can invite?
how are u
Hehe   ok i will call u AD Gupta
Everything you do in life stems from either fear or love
Am not consistent  like u.  U are a human machine hahaha
Whole day grind is such a tiring one
Perfect community
I honestly cant take a break from this lmao xD maybe later lol
@gerr Just loving the art work on these Gooniez
Have you guys eat your lunch?
BRO WHO CARES ABOUT TOKEN PRICE JUST VIBE
Gm Frens, a bright day, don’t forget your mental health matters take it seriously, you’ve got loved ones out there willing to hear bout your paper hands, don’t gib up
I cant enter to my main account. Phone verification
Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything!
lfg
I used to be a baker, but I couldn't make enough dough.
i've been waiting it for long time
My math teacher called me average. How mean!
les go
I got a job at a bakery because I kneaded dough.
yeah
Did you hear about the mathematician who's afraid of negative numbers? He'll stop at nothing to avoid them!
let's get it
What do you call fake spaghetti? An impasta!
brc-20 is blowminding
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
u are crazy
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
we'll rich
I'm friends with 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know why.
hi there
Why did the bicycle fall over? Because it was two-tired!
love ya
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing!
cmon
I'm on a seafood diet. I see food, and I eat it!
alright
Why don't skeletons fight each other? They don't have the guts!
yep
I'm writing a book about reverse psychology. Please don't buy it!
cheers
I was going to tell you a joke about time travel, but you didn't like it!
hooray
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint!
idk
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one!
wtf
I used to play piano by ear. Now I use my hands.
yeey
I have a fear of speed bumps, but I'm slowly getting over it.
hey
What do you call a snowman with a six-pack? An abdominal snowman!
huh
Why don't eggs tell jokes? Because they might crack up!
Hmm
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day!
yeat
What did one wall say to the other wall? "I'll meet you at the corner!
wha?
I asked the librarian if she had any books on paranoia. She whispered, "They're right behind you!"
gn

